[instrumental music playing]
[water running]
[turns off faucet]
[whinnies]
Easy, easy, easy.
Good boy. Come on. Turn.
Hold, son. Hold, son.
Come on, son. That's it.
Turn, turn.
Come on. Come on, son.
Come on.
-Buenos días.
How did you sleep?
-Pretty good.
-Mm.
I didn't see Gabri's car.
She called. She's fine, John.
She's at Antonia's.
I was hoping she'd help me ride
that new bald-faced stallion.
She'd like that horse.
He turns great. Great turner.
-Hmm.
-Yeah.
You know, she'd be a good trainer.
She's got a way with horses.
Don't you think?
Mm, maybe.
But she is going to college.
You think she wants to smell like horses
all the time like you?
[chuckles] That bad?
No, para nada, if you like horses.
[liquid dripping]
[rumbling]
[man's voice] Take 'em down!
[man shouting in Vietnamese]
[screams]
[shouting continues]
[Lyndon Johnson] Make no mistake about it.
[screams]
We are going to win.
[General Westmoreland]
I can assure you that, militarily,
this strategy will not succeed.
-[girl] Uncle John!
-In here!
Hey.
Afternoon.
Did you finish working out the horses?
Yeah, pretty much.
[sizzling]
What you working on?
You know what this is?
A small knife.
No, it's Damascus steel.
It's a letter opener I made
for when you go away to college.
And I'm gonna add on these white handles.
Letter opener?
It'd be beautiful on your desk.
Oh.
Uh, I hate to break it to you,
but nobody writes letters anymore.
Hmm.
Well, then you can use it
to keep the boys away.
-Anyway.
-Okay.
[horse whinnies]
[Gabrielle] It's crazy.
I'm about to start college.
I don't know why. I have no idea
what I want to do yet.
Did you know what you
wanted to do at my age?
[Rambo] Yeah, I wanted to be a soldier.
[Gabrielle] At my age?
Even before your age.
Did you like it?
Well, I had some of the best friends
I ever had for a while.
It's gonna be real quiet around here
without you asking all these questions.
[chuckles]
-I'm sure you'll survive.
-Yeah.
The sun's setting. I only have about
an hour left to ride, okay?
-Why is that?
-I have to go to Antonia's.
She's throwing this thing for the guys
who are going to college in the fall.
Why don't you invite them here?
What?
Bring them over here.
Remember what happened last time?
-You freaked them out.
-Why?
Because you wouldn't stop staring at them.
Oh, no.
Yeah, I do that sometimes,
but it's not intentional.
Thank you, but Antonia's got it covered.
We're just gonna have it there, okay?
Show them the tunnels.
What?
You don't let anybody go in the tunnels.
No, but they're your friends,
so they're welcome.
-Okay, cool. Yeah.
-Yeah, show them the tunnels.
-Yeah, that would be fun.
-Yeah.
Hey, I'm really gonna miss
riding with you.
[chuckles]
I'm gonna miss riding with you too.
[hip-hop music on speakers]
[chattering]
Get ready.
[boy] Whoa!
Isn't this cool? He's never let
anyone down here.
[boy] This is crazy, man.
[in Spanish] That music is horrible.
If her mom could hear it…
Do you like that music?
[in English] I could get used to it.
-I hope she's having a good time.
-Hmm.
You never let me in the tunnels. Hmm?
If you really wanna go in,
I'll take you on a guided tour.
No, thank you. Too dirty.
It is that. [chuckles]
[music continues]
[sighs]
[boy] This is a great place
for a party, baby.
Not right now, okay?
I have a lot on my mind.
No, I understand.
-Did you draw that?
-Yeah.
I drew that, actually,
when I was ten years old.
That's a masterpiece.
-[cell phone vibrating]
-Who's that?
I gotta take this. Gizelle?
[Gizelle] Hey, girl, can you hear me?
The reception is not so good.
No, no. Yeah, yeah. I hear you.
Tell me everything.
-Gabrielle?
-Yeah?
[bottles clinking]
What are you doing down here?
All of your friends have left.
They made a big mess.
I'm just cleaning up.
So, how did it go?
Um, everyone had a good time.
They kept asking me why my uncle
built these tunnels.
What did you say?
I said that you like digging
and you're a little crazy.
That's fair enough.
I need to talk to you about something.
And I just want you to have
an open mind about it.
I need to go to Mexico.
Why would you want to do that?
Because I found my father.
My friend Gizelle, who lives there--
Well, she used to live here.
Do you remember her?
Mm-hmm.
I asked her for a favor,
and she found him.
He lives in a town near hers.
Uncle John, I have to do this.
I need to hear it from him.
I need to understand
why he would just do that.
Because he's not a good man.
-Can't be that simple.
-It is.
Uncle John, I've heard the stories. I know
you've been through a lot.
But my world is
a lot different from yours.
No, it's not. It's worse.
No, it's not.
People don't just act bad for no reason.
There's no reason for a man to throw his
family away. He's lucky he has one.
-Why are you getting so mad?
-Because you don't know how bad it is.
I know how black a man's heart can be.
There's nothing good out there, Gabrielle.
-Maybe he's changed.
-Men like that don't change.
It only gets worse.
You changed.
I haven't changed.
I'm just trying to
keep a lid on it, every day.
Uncle John, I need you to trust me.
I need you to know that
I'm gonna make good decisions.
I can't control what's out there.
You can't just protect me forever.
As long as I'm around,
he's never gonna hurt you again.
No one is.
You said you did
what you thought was right and left at 17,
and nobody stopped you.
I wish they had.
Gabrielle, I care for you like a daughter.
I know you want answers.
Just wait a little while.
Grow up a little bit.
Know about the world a little bit.
Would you do that for me, please?
All right.
Thanks.
-I'm gonna go to bed.
-Good night.
Good night.
[Maria shouting indistinctly in Spanish]
[in Spanish] He never wanted
you around him!
[in English] I just wanna know why.
[in Spanish] Who cares why?
The man is dead inside!
He has no heart, no soul…
[in English] What's going on?
[in English] She wants to see her father.
Gabrielle, I thought
we had an understanding.
We did. We did. I'm sorry.
But I've been thinking
about it all night, and…
I just want answers now, not later.
How did you find him?
Gizelle helped me.
Gizelle.
[in Spanish] She still talks to Gizelle.
[in English] Yeah.
[In Spanish] Gizelle is a bad girl.
-[in Spanish] She's changed.
-[in Spanish] No! She hasn't changed!
I was very happy when she left.
[in English] Grandma, she's just trying
to help me.
[in Spanish] He won't even remember you!
He never behaved like a father.
[in English] That man is more your father.
Watching over you, protecting you.
These last ten years, he was the father.
[speaks Spanish]
Maria, go easy.
No. Why?
Because.
[in Spanish] He doesn't deserve
to lay eyes on you!
He never once went to the hospital
when your mother was dying of cancer.
One Christmas, John had to pull
him off your mother
when he was beating her with a belt!
[in English] That's enough.
[in English] Tell her.
[in Spanish] I don't want you
around that man!
We're not letting you go
to a dangerous place.
-[in Spanish] Please!
-Enough!
[pensive music plays]
[in English] Okay.
You're right. I won't go.
I'm gonna go to Antonia's.
-[Maria] Okay.
-[Gabrielle] Sorry.
It's all right. She's a kid.
Uncle John!
Sorry about everything earlier!
That's okay!
Okay.
[engine starts]
[intense music]
[sighs]
[chattering in Spanish]
[horn honking]
[Latin hip-hop music on speakers]
[no audible dialogue]
[man shouts in Spanish]
Hey! Come here!
[speaks Spanish]
Look at you.
[in Spanish] You're looking good, homie.
Long time, but that's cool.
-Hey.
-Hmm?
[in Spanish] You still a virgin?
-Relax, I'm kidding!
-[chuckles]
You gotta be dry with
all that dust and shit.
-[in English] You want something to drink?
-No, I'm okay.
I do.
[Latin rock music on speakers]
I'll just sit here.
You know, I can feel you looking around.
What?
It's a nice house, huh?
Yeah, it's fine.
I can feel you looking at me too.
No.
No. You look great.
I know I've changed.
Life down here, it ain't easy, my sister.
You do what you can.
Yeah, I get it.
I appreciate you so much
for helping me find my dad.
I mean, it wasn't easy, but it's cool.
-Here, let me give you something--
-No, no, no.
You think I'm some fucking charity case?
No, Gizelle.
-I didn't--
-I was kidding.
[gasps] Okay.
I actually believed you
there for a second.
You know I would never
hurt your feelings like that.
[in Spanish] I'll finish this, and…
[in English] …we'll go see your old man.
Okay.
Hyah. Come on!
Hyah.
Come on!
[sirens wailing in distance]
[Gizelle, Gabrielle chattering]
Here it is, 172.
Go on. Get your daddy, girl.
[softly] Apartment number two. Okay.
-[baby crying]
-[lively music on speakers]
[people chattering]
Hola.
[in Spanish] Is Manuel here?
[woman, in Spanish] Who are you?
I just want a word with him.
What do you want?
[man, in Spanish] Who are you talking to?
-[woman, in Spanish] Who is she?
-I'll explain later.
I didn't have your phone number.
[in English] I did not expect this.
It's been a very long time.
I know.
You're all grown up now, Gabriela.
How did you find me?
-It wasn't easy.
-[Manuel chuckles]
You always had a good head
on your shoulders.
Even as a little girl,
you always did good in school.
I need to talk to you.
[chuckles]
Just now you looked just like your mother.
Really?
Yes, very much.
You could almost be her twin.
Thank you. Um, I need to--
I need to ask you a question.
Of course.
Why did you leave us?
I'm just trying to understand
why you would just go like that.
Okay.
Because one day,
I looked at your mother and you
and realized you both didn't mean
anything to me anymore.
I know it's hard to understand.
But I wasted time being with you…
and her.
And she fucking dies
and leaves me with you,
who I never wanted.
Any more questions?
You don't need to come back.
[Gizelle speaking Spanish]
[in English] Hey, what happened?
Girl, what happened?
I should've listened to him.
He was right the whole time.
-I gotta get back home tonight.
-Who?
Fuck that! You're not gonna drive home.
It's too late and you're too upset.
Yo, let me help you.
You gotta calm down, though.
We'll do something
to get this out of your mind.
I'll drive.
[man rapping] ♪ Only really was a ten
Surf the wave ♪
[hip-hop music on speakers]
♪ Wave, wave ♪
♪ I'mma, wave I'mma surf the wave ♪
♪ Wave I'mma surf the wave ♪
[Gizelle speaks Spanish]
Hi.
[chattering in Spanish]
♪ Wave, wave ♪
Hi. How are you?
♪ Yo, it's working This rage is working ♪
♪ This anger's perfect
These verses are such… ♪
[speaks indistinctly in Spanish]
♪ There's no competition now
You can close the curtains ♪
♪ I can see clearly
All my enemies is lurking ♪
♪ You should listen seriously
And that's for certain ♪
[continues speaking Spanish]
♪ Watch for the sharks
And the motherfuckin' cops Yo ♪
♪ Wave I'mma surf the wave ♪
♪ Wave ♪
[sighs]
[Maria] John! John!
-What's the matter?
-She never went to Antonia's.
-She went to Mexico.
-What?
Gizelle called. Gabriela went to see
her father and never came back.
Did you get an address?
And her father's, too.
[clatters]
What happened, John?
-Should I call the police?
-Cops can't cross the border.
Down there, they don't do shit.
Please, John.
[in Spanish] Bring her back to me.
[in English] I'll find her.
[engine starts]
[intense music plays]
[John] I can't control what's out there.
[Gabrielle] You can't
just protect me forever.
[door opens]
[man, in Spanish] The truth is…
I like dogs.
[woman sobbing]
But if one of them runs away…
it pisses me off.
It needs to be punished!
What can I say…
it brings me down.
If one of you bitches wants to run away,
go ahead… run!
But I will find you…
and I will kill you… I swear.
[whimpering]
[door closes]
[sobbing]
[woman shouting]
[in English] I'm looking for Gabrielle.
She's not here.
[baby crying]
Where is she?
I don't know anything.
All this shit is because of you.
I should've broke
your fucking neck ten years ago.
[John] Gizelle.
[in Spanish] Who are you?
What do you want?
[in English] My name is John.
We've met a few times before.
-I'm looking for Gabrielle.
-She's not here.
Do you know where she could be?
I don't know. She wanted help
finding her old man. That's all I know.
You mind if I ask you a few questions
about what happened?
Okay, but I don't know much.
Inside, if you don't mind.
Okay.
[Gizelle] She was so sad.
He basically told her to fuck off,
and I just wanted to help.
Then what happened?
What happened?
She was crying a lot.
And it made me feel bad.
I didn't want to bring her back to this
shithole because it's depressing.
So I thought it might be better
if I took her out,
calm her down, get her head clear,
maybe get some drinks.
And then we went to this place,
and then we got separated.
-And I don't know what happened!
-How?
Because I drank too much. It happens.
I was talking to a couple of friends,
and then I looked up and she wasn't there.
And I looked for her everywhere.
And I thought maybe she left.
I don't know. I don't know.
She left without saying goodbye?
Yeah, I don't know, maybe.
Somebody drove me there,
and I don't even know who.
And, yeah, I said I was fucked up.
Was she talking to anyone, any guys?
What?
Was she talking to any guys?
I don't know, man! Maybe.
She must've talked to a few guys.
Why you asking me all this shit?
You think I'm lying to you?
You called my house and said she never
came back from her father's.
Yeah, I was giving you a heads-up.
-Or covering your ass.
-Man, fuck you--
Where did you get this?
She gave it to me, man.
It was her mother's.
She'd never give it to you.
You sold her out.
She was your friend.
Fuck you! Get out of my place!
Look at me.
You're gonna take me to that club,
and you're gonna show me who she was with.
Or I'm gonna hurt you real bad.
Let's go.
Get out.
[people chattering]
[dance music on speakers]
Shit, man. I can't go in there.
People know me. I gotta live down here.
You're gonna go inside and you're gonna
point them out.
If you do anything else,
then I promise I'll put a bullet in
your head before they get me.
Move.
[dance music continues]
[music fading, echoing]
[Rambo] I haven't changed. I'm just
trying to keep a lid on it.
[Gabrielle] My world is
a lot different from yours.
[Rambo] Because you don't know
how bad it is.
I know how black a man's heart can be.
[music resumes]
[women laughing]
[chattering in Spanish]
That's the guy, man. On the couch.
-We're cool, right?
-Fuck off.
Get out of here.
[chattering continues]
I'll be back.
[speaking Spanish]
-[woman chuckles]
-[man speaks Spanish]
[both laughing]
[man, woman shout]
[Rambo, in Spanish] Leave!
[in Spanish] Where is she?
[in Spanish] I don't know that bitch!
[screaming]
[in Spanish] Where is she?
-[screaming continues]
-[crunches]
[man, in English] Okay. I take you to--
[screams]
Start telling me where she is,
or I'll break it off.
Okay. Okay.
[shouting in Spanish]
[woman gasps]
[man panting]
[intense music playing]
[engine starts]
[man panting, groaning]
[woman, in Spanish]
Girls, cooperate.
Just do the fucking job,
all day and night!
If it's forty, fifty men, too bad…
You don't stop until you're told to.
Cooperate!
[man, in Spanish] Stop here.
[groans]
[Rambo, in Spanish] Which house is it?
[man panting]
The house at the top.
The one with the lights.
[grunts]
[men chattering]
[line ringing]
[whistles]
[chattering in Spanish]
[whistling in distance]
[hammer cocks]
[cell phone beeps]
[whistles]
[chattering in Spanish]
Whoa.
[in Spanish] Nice blade!
Juan.
What are you doing here?
Are you lost, old man?
-[men chuckling]
-No? Nothing?
What if I cut your mouth with this knife?
Vito.
[in English] Arizona.
[in Spanish] So what?
Did the run out of whores over there?
[men chuckling]
[speaks Spanish]
I know this one.
[Vito, in Spanish]
This whore's in our house.
-Hey!
-[men shout in Spanish]
[clicks tongue]
Who is she to you?
[chuckles, grunts]
-[Rambo groans]
-[all shouting]
[boss, in Spanish] That's enough!
Get him up.
[softly, in English] Let her go.
[in English] What?
Let her--
-Let her go.
-[boss] Let her go.
[in Spanish] Throw him in acid!
[breathing heavily]
"John Rambo."
Juanito Rambo.
[laughs]
[in English] Wanna know something,
Juanito?
These girls mean nothing to me
or my customers.
In my world, they're nothing.
They're not people.
They're just-- They're just things.
They have no worth to men like us.
So I would have not
paid attention to this…
to her.
[Rambo groans]
But now I will.
Because you coming here
has made it very bad for her, cabrón.
We would've just trained her,
used her and sold her.
But now we're gonna make
an example of her.
I'm gonna let you live.
[in Spanish]
What the hell are you saying?
[in Spanish] I am talking Victor! Fuck!
[in English] You're gonna think about this
every fucking day of your fucking life.
Until you can't think anymore, Juanito.
[Rambo grunts]
[in Spanish] Put your mark on him
and his little bitch, too.
And make it deep. Make it deep.
[groaning]
[woman mumbling in Spanish]
[in English] Get up.
Let me help you. Can you stand?
[both grunting]
Okay, you have to get up.
They will come back.
Let her go.
No, no, no!
[in Spanish] Who's this?
[in Spanish] Who is this guy?
[in Spanish] Where did you get that?
-[Gabrielle] No, no, no.
-Who is he?
[whimpering, panting]
It doesn't matter now.
[Gabrielle whimpers]
He's lying on the street…
with my mark on his face.
[speaks Spanish, echoing]
[Gabrielle] No, no, no.
[whimpering]
[speaks Spanish, echoing]
[sobbing]
No, no, no.
[screams]
[in Spanish] If he stays still,
these should hold.
He has a serious concussion and
should be in the hospital.
[in Spanish] I know.
Fine.
Because of the concussion, he'll have
sensitivity to noise, to light.
He should be better in a couple of days.
Carmen, you know I care about you,
but this is crazy.
Don't worry.
Yeah. Goodbye.
[chattering in Spanish]
[door opens]
[door closes]
[ominous music playing]
[Rambo groans]
[panting]
[in English] You're up.
Yeah.
Are you okay?
Who are you?
Carmen Delgado.
What is your name?
John.
Your truck is in the garage, by the way.
How did I get here?
I brought you here.
You don't even know me.
Why do I have to know you?
Um…
You were in trouble.
I don't know, I would do it for anyone.
Why were you even there?
I'm an independent journalist.
I was following El Flaco…
a pimp who drugs and sells girls.
I saw you in the club, watching him.
I saw what you did to him.
How long have I been here?
-Four days.
-Four days?
Mm-hmm.
Christ.
You gotta tell me…
Where are the men that took her?
Who did they take? Your daughter?
Yeah. Where is she?
Who are they?
The Martínez brothers.
They took my sister.
They found her dead from an overdose
three years ago.
I'm sorry.
You just gotta tell me
where you think they are.
No, it doesn't work this way.
There's too many of them.
Are you crazy or what?
I'm not thinking about that.
All I can think about is…
how scared she must be,
what she's going through,
and what your sister went through.
Just help me, please.
I can't do it without you.
-Okay.
-Thank you.
Thanks.
[chattering in Spanish]
[bouncer, in Spanish]
What do you want?
[in Spanish] A girl.
Do you have a young one?
[bouncer speaks Spanish]
[dance music on speakers]
[chatting in Spanish]
-[in Spanish] Twenty dollar--
-[grunts]
[intense music plays]
-[man speaks Spanish]
-[Rambo grunts]
[in English] Go!
-[in Spanish] Leave!
-[in Spanish] I can't! I can't!
[man 2 speaks Spanish]
[Rambo in Spanish] Leave!
[in English] Get out!
-[woman, in Spanish] I can't!
-Go! Come on!
I can't! They'll kill me if I do!
-[man 3 speaks Spanish]
-[Rambo in English] God damn it!
No! No! No! No!
[groaning]
-[in English] Get out!
-[in Spanish] I can't! I can't!
[groaning continues]
-Gabrielle. Come here.
-[Gabrielle] No!
-No, Gabrielle! Gabrielle.
-No!
It's John.
-It's Uncle John.
-[Gabrielle sobbing]
It's all right. It's all right.
It's your uncle. It's your uncle.
[whimpering, gasping]
Okay. We're going home.
You're going home. You're safe now.
[Vito, in Spanish] So no one saw anything?
-I told you to kill that fucker!
-That's enough, Vito.
It was him!
Only an old fuck would come back
for some cut-up bitch.
We'll find him and kill him.
No, no, no, no, no.
I don't give a fuck about him!
This is your mess.
What the hell do you want?
Next time, do what I tell you, bro.
Let's go!
Back to work.
[shouts] Back to work!
[Gabrielle breathing raggedly]
You came back.
We're gonna get you back,
get you back home.
-I'm sorry.
-No.
You didn't do anything.
You didn't do anything at all.
We're gonna go home, and everything's
gonna be good.
It's gonna be all right.
Okay.
I got this back for you.
Gabrielle, I need you
to keep your eyes open.
Keep your eyes open.
Let's talk about something.
I remember you were a great rider.
Won every event you were in,
every competition,
you'd win everything.
I remember you were
just about 11 years old.
You won five events in one day.
That's really something.
Gabrielle, stay with me.
You can do it. We're gonna be home soon.
I'll take care of you.
You got so much life left.
You got so many things you gotta do.
So many things.
When I came home a long time ago,
you were so young.
Gabrielle, you were so young.
I was lost. I was a lost man.
And then I met you.
And I saw something that I didn't think
I'd ever see anymore.
Good in this world. Some innocence.
And I had a family that
I never thought I'd ever have.
And raising you, it was the best thing
that ever happened to me.
And I thank you for that. Thank you.
You're like the--
Gabrielle? Gabrielle.
Gabrielle. No, no.
Oh, don't do it.
Gabrielle?
Oh, God.
[breathes deeply]
[sobs]
I'm sorry.
Why not me?
Wait!
[Maria sobbing]
[somber music]
[in Spanish] I miss her.
[in English] I want you to stay
at your sister's.
There's nothing for you here,
nothing for me here.
Where will you go?
I'm just gonna move around.
Like always.
Will I see you again?
Mm-hmm. Sure.
I will miss this.
[in Spanish] I will be sad until I die.
I feel like… my heart has been cut out.
[in English] Yeah.
[engine starts]
Travel safe.
[intense music playing]
[grunts]
[knocking continues]
What do you want?
I need your help.
[sighs] Come in.
If someone sees you, we both will die.
Coming back here is so dangerous.
-Did you find her?
-She's dead.
Oh, I'm…
I'm sorry.
I really am. I know how you feel.
But coming back was dangerous.
Why are you here?
I wanna find the thin one.
-No.
-The one that cut her.
-The one that cut me.
I will not help you again.
You have to.
Why do I have to?
What will it change? Nothing.
We grieve and move on.
And you've done that?
I mean, I think of her every day.
Every fucking day.
But we have to move on.
What if you can't move on?
-What if you can't move on at all?
-But you have to.
We have no choice. What's done is done.
Why is it done?
How is it ever done?
When I look at something so innocent…
and I see that face
never have life in it again,
how is it ever done?
I want revenge.
I want them to know that death is coming…
and there's nothing
they can do to stop it.
I want them to feel our grief…
and know that's the last thing
they will ever feel.
And I know you want it too.
[intense music]
[gurgling]
[grunting]
[groaning]
[shower running]
[reporters clamoring in Spanish]
[siren wailing]
[clamoring continues]
[intense music playing]
-Go!
-[whinnies]
-[shouts] Hyah!
♪♪
[knife scraping]
[soft music playing]
[intense music plays]
♪♪
[shouts in Spanish] Be alert!
Five to the barn, the rest with me!
[men shouting in Spanish]
[in English] Get him!
This old gringo is nothing!
[speaks Spanish indistinctly]
[men shouting in Spanish]
[men screaming]
[in Spanish] Charlie, check it out.
The rest with me!
[shouting in Spanish]
[whispering in Spanish]
[men whispering in Spanish]
[whispering continues]
[grunts]
[screams]
Negro.
[groans]
[whispering in Spanish]
[panting]
[both scream]
[speaks Spanish]
[shouting]
[screams, groans]
[The Doors' "Five to One"
playing on speakers]
♪ Yeah, c'mon ♪
♪ I love my girl ♪
-[groaning]
-♪ Five to one, baby ♪
♪ One in five ♪
[screams]
♪ No one here ♪
♪ Gets out alive now ♪
[trip wire clatters]
♪ You get yours, baby ♪
♪ I'll get mine ♪
♪ Gonna make it, baby If we try ♪
[speaking Spanish]
[gunfire on radio]
♪ The old get old
And the young get stronger ♪
♪ May take a week
And it may take longer ♪
♪ They got the guns ♪
♪ But we got the numbers ♪
♪ Gonna win, yeah
We're takin' over ♪
♪ Come on! ♪
♪♪
♪ Get together one more time ♪
[groans]
♪ Your ballroom days
Are over, baby ♪
♪ Night is drawing near ♪
♪ Shadows of the evening ♪
[shouting in Spanish]
[shouting]
-[music ends]
-[feedback squeals]
[screaming]
[intense music playing]
[trip wire clatters]
[groans]
♪♪
[shouts, groans]
[groans]
Here!
[grunting]
They're all dead.
All of them.
I could've killed you ten times.
But I wanted you last.
Fuck you.
No, fuck you, dead man.
I want you to feel my rage,
my hate,
when I reach into your chest
and rip out your heart!
Like you did mine.
[in Spanish] Fuck you…
and your bitch, too.
[in English] You want to live?
Follow the lights.
[explosions]
[grunting]
[screams]
[groans]
[panting]
[creaking]
[groaning, screaming]
[grunting]
[ominous music playing]
[shouts]
This is what it feels like.
[screaming]
[soft music playing]
[Rambo narrating]
I've lived in a world of death.
I tried to come home,
but I never really arrived.
A part of my mind and soul…
got lost along the way.
But my heart was still here,
where I was born.
Where I would defend to the end…
the only family I've ever known.
The only home I've ever known.
All the ones I've loved are now ghosts.
But I will fight…
to keep their memories alive…
forever.
[triumphant music plays]
♪♪
[music continues]